Update tutorial and example for cloud events (#1593)
kyma-project/serverless: docs/user/tutorials/01-90-set-asynchronous-connection.md

# Send and Receive Cloud Events

This tutorial demonstrates how to connect two Functions asynchronously with [cloud events](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec). It is based on the [in-cluster Eventing example](https://github.com/kyma-project/serverless/tree/main/examples/incluster_eventing).

> The example provides a very simple scenario of asynchronous communication between two Functions. The first Function accepts the incoming traffic via HTTP, sanitizes the payload, and publishes the content as an in-cluster cloud event using [Kyma Eventing](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/eventing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example provides a very simple scenario of asynchronous communication between two Functions. The first Function accepts the incoming traffic using HTTP, sanitizes the payload, and publishes the content as an in-cluster cloud event using [Kyma Eventing](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/eventing/).
```

> # Send and Receive Cloud Events

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a step after `4. Expose Function by creating the APIRule CR:` on how to obtain Kyma domain?
Like the 1st one [here](https://kyma-project.io/#/serverless-manager/user/tutorials/01-20-expose-function?id=procedure) in the kubectl tab.
Also can you change the apiVersion from `v2` to `v2alpha1`?

Author: done

   }
   ```

   The `payload.sanitised` is a sample event type that the emitter Function uses when publishing events. You can choose a different one that better suits your use case. Keep in mind the constraints described on the [Event names](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/05-technical-reference/evnt-01-event-names/) page. The receiver subscribes to the event type to consume the events.

>    The `event` object provides convenience API to emit events. To learn more, read [Function's specification](../technical-reference/07-70-function-specification.md#event-object-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `event` object provides a convenient API for emitting events. To learn more, read [Function's specification](../technical-reference/07-70-function-specification.md#event-object-sdk).
```

   }
   ```

   Include opentelemetry SDK in the Function dependencies. Add the following to the `package.json`:
   ```js
   {
      "dependencies": {
         "@opentelemetry/api": "^1.0.4"
      }
   }
   ```

   The `payload.sanitised` is a sample event type that the emitter Function uses when publishing events. You can choose a different one that better suits your use case. Keep in mind the constraints described on the [Event names](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/05-technical-reference/evnt-01-event-names/) page. The receiver subscribes to the event type to consume the events.

   The `event` object provides a convenient API for emitting events. To learn more, read [Function's specification](../technical-reference/07-70-function-specification.md#event-object-sdk).
   
3. Apply your emitter Function:

>    ```bash

Author: done

   ```

   The `init` command creates the same files as in the `emitter` folder.

>    Write you own logic for the receiver. In the following example the receiver function will just log the reveived payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the following example, the receiver function logs the received payload.
```
